sample style Rostov-on-donu street
Red Army for sale presented
two bedroom apartment in modern
house 2008 built apartment
compares favorably with similar
offers
total area of ​​90 square meters
the interior layout is well thought out
fully equipped for everyday
living comfortably living here
The apartment consists of a kitchen dining room
living room
2 bedrooms separate bathroom
hall 2 balconies
apartment owner in the process of registration
interior fully trusted
professional designer results
whose work has become a solid
classic interior
always relevant outside of time and fashion when
the choice of finishing materials special
attention was paid to the details and combination
textures
entrance area decorated in ratunda form
the dome of which was the author's stained glass window with
backlight and its reflection on the floor
exquisite spanish mosaic technical
characteristics are also on
high level about consist of triple
double glazing
warm water floors in the hallway in the kitchen
and bathrooms Italian radiators
split system general sockets and
legrand switches
guard door metal door
interior doors factory darinu
fully equipped kitchen area
equipped with home appliances smog
samsung os g5 speed filter cleaning
drinking water atoll
the house meets all modern
housing requirements two lift post
Concierge underground guest parking and
also has a good location in
walking distance to supermarket
cinema
sports club apartment for sale in
turnkey condition